# It's not that easy

Yesterday, I tried to sleep early as usual. 

I went to bed by 12:30, and kept rolling around for almost 40 minutes.
Finally, when I couldn't handle it anymore, I gave up.
I woke up, opened my laptop, and started a new TV Series.
Finished 10 episodes, and slept by around 4 o clock.
Broke my rule!!!

See! This is the reality of things. 
It's not easy to follow everything as intended. 
Influencers, they make it look like it's so easy. 
However, I lost it in 2 days itself!

If a normie watches my routine, they'll be able to relate. 
I'm so relatable! :D

See, my sleep is like camel's hump. If I don't sleep properly for the next 2-3 days, I will recover it all by almost sleeping the whole day.
And that's not good.

So, since I slept properly last 2-3 days (almost 7.5 hours everyday), it led to unsleepiness yesterday.

I will think of a solution soon.

Except this, my day was kinda wierd. 
I mean, I have too many interesting parallel tracks right now, but I am really not sure how to take them ahead.

And, most of my personal things are on hold, i.e. getting my PF sorted, my Term Insurance, my share tax, etc. 

Damn!!

Anyways, I'll sleep well, I guess
So many other things happened too, but don't remember much about anything right now.
Let's resume this later :)


--------------
Habit counter
1. 3 x 
2. 4
3. 3 x

-----------
Random Rumbling Thoughts
1. I should probably prepare a notion template on my habit tracker
2. I gotta figure out a routine for hair.
3. Don't forget algorithmic trading!
4. Damn, get your finances all sorted!!







