# Getting back on Track

Yesterday was a bust, but it doesn't have to be like that everyday.
  
Slept early yesterday. Also, tried to adopt a new habit. 
  
It isn't set in stone yet. I'll take some time, atleast till this weekend to see if I can add it my list of habits. 

Today, I called one of my friend out of the blue.
  
Truthfully speaking, he is one of the most talented people I've ever met so far. 
  
Straight as arrow, blazingly good at both tech and management, and unshakeable faith on himself.
  
Sometimes, few might feel like he has an attitude, might have few bad habits, but the truth is, he has a really good assessment of himself. 
He knows when something is going really dumb, and someone is doing something real cool. He loves tech, and can truly ace anything.
  
Interestingly, he has never indulged in any vices (which is surprising, since he has always been in many stressful situations, and many tricky situations,
but he was always able to handle it well). 
  
That's quite hard. Mainly because, when everyone around you is drinking, or smoking, how do you handle the peer pressure? 
Sometimes, you'd just phase out of the group. But that means you are missing out on a very big segment of population.
  
I think this is where your real skill comes in. And, he always aced it.
  
Man, I always had very high respect for him.
  
I called him randomly, and he responded immediately. Told me that he's on a solo trip, been in Europe for a while, and having the time of his life.
I asked him about how he is managing his work. His company has offices all across the globe, so whereever he goes, whenever needed, he just goes to
the office and gets the job done. Man, he's cool!
  
This month, its Europe. Next, he's going to HongKong. Thereafter, he's going to Japan.
What a plan!!!!
  
It was a good catch-up :)
  
Sometimes, talking to people like this motivates you. It also tells you what you could have been doing :D

Anyways, the conversation went well. I'm planning to meet him in the last week of Feb. Hope I continue the daily blog atleast till then :)
  
Right now, I'm also getting a little piqued on tech. I think that the next few months might be a little fast paced for me. 
  
Might share a few details on my progress whenever possible. 

Hoping for more interesting progress by this weekend!

----------------------
Habit counter

1. 3 x o
2. 5
3. 3 x o
  
--------------------

Random Rumbling thoughts

1. Need to set new targets.
2. Next week should be on setting the base (finances, EPF, etc.).
3. Should learn Reinforcement Learning. Might get really interesting.
  
  
