# From rest, to crawl, a little bit of overhaul

I had a call with someone whom I met in a conference. 

She is managing her own business, is a good designer, and has multiple clients both from India and SEA region.

She had an interesting client and briefed me about what kind of things they are looking for.

I asked her about the pricing, and mentioned about how the market is evolving so fast, due to which its hard to match low prices.

Interestingly, she said that the clients didn't really care much about it. They wanted someone who would do the thinking for them.
They didn't want to be involved. They wanted someone who could do the job.

Anyways, even though they say that, price always becomes a concern. I did tell her that if the client doesn't agree on the price, its best
to drop it off rather than lower costs. It just doesn't seem interesting.

Anyways, the point is, there's still demand. And ever after all the advancements, people still don't want to do even the basic work.
Guess some things never change.

Anyways, this is one of the good weekends I've had so far. Didn't have lot of work, ended up doing networking mostly, and my
uncle taught me some interesting aspects on negotiation. It was quite interesting!

Well, I'm closing a bit early because I am heading to my senior's house, and I won't have access to my laptop till tomorrow morning. 
Thought I should share an update and close it for the day.

On habits: Was awake till a little late yesterday, but we were talking. It wasn't binge watching. So, I think that's okay (this is the grey area
that's acceptable to me).

------------------------
Habit counter

1. 3 x o o
2. 6
3. 3 x o o

---------------------
1. Gotta assess Term Insurance!!!
