# What should I do?

I don't have a good answer yet, but I think I'm slowly progressing towards my goals anyway.

Earlier, there was a point in time when I wanted to project myself as the coolest writer.
In some sense, I did that at different points during my startup journey.
Everyone praised my work, but it didn't pay anything.

Probably around 5 years ago, I used to believe that money isn't that important. Learning is important.
Money will always come.

Right now, I think that money is really, really important.

Basically, I am one of the guys who can't sustain for long if the job doesn't give me atleast a moderate amount of challenge.
Moreoever, I would expect that the job allows me to do something new, or learn something new in different projects I get involved into.
If this condition isn't satisfied, I won't last long. I'll start looking for alternatives real soon.

So, whether I like it or not, I'll always keep learning.

However, I have a hard time deciding how much should I be paid for something. 
There will be times when I'd be totally okay with doing things for free, or doing things out of scope, or beyond the agreed deal.
And, I have a reasonably strong moral compass, so I always match the deliverables.

In such state of mind, it is important for me to ensure that I explicitly put some thought on the payout.
Otherwise, I'll just be doing, learning, and never really earning.

In the end, you learn, so you can earn. 
If you don't even earn, isn't it too much of a burn?

I consider myself quite talented. I have like 95% + success record. With such performance, it makes sense for me to be able to get paid 
for something that I don't know. Because, in the end, I'll always figure it out. And, I'll deliver, no matter what.
If you are getting what you want, why not me?

A few years ago, when I quit my previous job because I wanted a career change, I looked for some odd opportunities that can just address my 
daily expenses. From one of my referrals, I got in touch with a person who is working in a very reputed position in USA.
He asked me to train his 9th class kid in some computer science topics. 
For that, he took my interview, assessed my skillset, and said that I'm not good enough. He'll pay me the bare minimum, and I can also upskill
myself while I keep training him.
I agreed to the deal. 
For every 1 hour session, I used to study for 3 hours, prepare a presentation, prepare the session plan, create some sample questions, and rehearse
the entire class flow on my end.

However, he wasn't comfortable with it.

He used to keep watching from behind, seeing how I am teaching. And thereafter, he used to question me on topics that we didn't even cover.

The thing is, he didn't really trust me. 
His son is in 9th grade, and I am already in the workforce, don't you think I can figure out how to teach him?
His son was doing fine, learning and understanding. But, he wasn't okay with it.

I don't know what he really wanted.

Later, my friend who referred me, told me the problem. Basically, it seems that since I told him that I am also learning it on my end, he wasn't sure
if I could deliver, even though I always delivered. He needed someone who spoke fancy stuff, is in very high position in the industry, and still 
work for this at chump change. Since I was from a different field trying to make a transition, and didn't speak fancy, he couldn't believe it.

My friend knew that I am overqualified for the job. Because, if you look at it as any new project, even though I knew nothing about it, I always 
delivered. And he knew that. 

Later, I dropped the client. It didn't make sense anymore.

After a while, he came to me asking if I would like to work on a startup idea. The promise he made was I'd get to learn web development. He 
would pay a stipend of around 10,000 INR or something around that, and invest all that is needed for the website. This way, I could also
learn something useful.

I was baffled. How could he expect me to do something for such chump change?

Website development doesn't need any significant investment. AWS provides enough credits to last for an year, and many tools have free started packages.
He won't develop anything anyway, and I'd be using my own hardware (laptop) for development, banging my head around stack overflow for everything.
Then what the hell is he doing?

It was one of those defining moments in life where I realised that when someone promises you learning, you are being made the biggest fool in the world.

Money is important. In fact, working without it doesn't make sense.

A project runs only because there is someone to fund it, or it is generating enough money to fund itself.

In fact, if something is valuable enough, then they will be willing to pay for it. If they won't, then it was never valuable in the first place.

At least, you'll know if what you are doing makes financial sense, right?

After that, I never took projects where I worked for free. Done with that crap.
I am worthy, and I know it. 

Though I do need monetary compensation, I also know that it will never become my sole priority. 

There have been many instances when I rejected an offer just because I didn't trust the party, didn't like the work, the team, or any other 
reason like that. 

However, if they try to lowball me, or try to leverage my situation, then whether they come back later, it's a real hard no.

Since I always had that trait, I had to make money as a sort of a rule. This way, atleast I will get decently paid for my service.

Well, that was a long ramble.

The day was fine, got a new device at house. A little excited about it :)

Right now, need to sort out many other things. It'll probably take some time. 

Will keep adding as I progress. 

---------------
Habit tracking:
------------
1. 3 x o o o x x o
2. 10
3. 3 x o o o o x o
4. 2


--------------------
1. Still pending on Ditto!
2. The 4th habit is meditation










